hi I'm Linda and I am here tonight
preparing for my colonoscopy with dr. de
bebé tomorrow I was very hesitant about
this bowel prep kit I think it's gonna
be okay I've got ginger ale I've got
Gatorade crushed ice in a martini glass
this is my prep kit got it at the
drugstore this is a two-part prep kit
and the plastic cup that must be for
mixing things up empty one of the
contents into the plastic container and
10 ounces of water to the 16 ounce line
mix to dissolve and drink over one hour
very simple this makes it a party will
crush ice
I will top the pumpkin just add add of
ginger ale Cheers
well it's not an appletini but it's
better than I expected I was the one in
in a past video that was very hesitant
about this concoction I had heard from
folks that it was kind of thick that it
was unpleasant but this isn't it's
something um that dr. Toby gave me that
I think is the is the it's very doable
it's just like any other liquid it has a
tiny bit of possibly a salty taste I
think Mike pharmacist told me that's
because it's got a lot of minerals in it
so it's probably good for me at my last
concoction I have a name for it it is a
Collini
I have a peach mango green tea Crystal
Light the key to these drinks is ginger
ale it really is
Here I am with
one small sip left after I finish this
I'm going to have two bottles of water
after that and we go on to step two
which is actually just like step one
it's not the tastiest but the test is
important in that it has to be a clear
good view that the doctor has of your
colon so I understand the importance and
yes it's doing its job I look forward to
getting the test over with tomorrow and
getting great results and that's the
point of all of this and I'm just
keeping that in mind good night I'll see
you in the morning